Pull Request from docs-update-2025-10-20-2011 (#142)
Zilliqa/dev-portal: docs/dev/dev-keys-zrc2-wallet-support.mdx

Please check the [Tracking Incoming ZRC-2 Deposit](../exchanges/exchange-managing-zrc2-tokens#tracking-incoming-zrc-2-deposit) subsection
under exchanges section to track any new incoming deposit of a specific ZRC-2 token.

## Getting your Token Listed

You can get your token listed on various Zilliqa ecosystem products to allow for easier recognition by your community.

> ### Listing on Zilswap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Listing on [Zilswap](https://zilswap.io/)
```

> To add your token to the token list on Zilswap, please refer the README.md file on this [repository](https://github.com/Switcheo/zilswap-token-list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add your token to the token listed on Zilswap, please refer the README.md file on this [repository](https://github.com/Switcheo/zilswap-token-list).
```

[Zilpay wallet](https://zilpay.xyz/) also refers to the listed tokens list on Zilswap when deciding which tokens to add to their default list.

> ### Listing on Viewblock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Listing on [Viewblock](https://viewblock.io/zilliqa)
```

> To add your token's logo on Viewblock, please refer the README.md file on this [repository](https://github.com/Ashlar/cryptometa.git). Viewblock will also automatically assign a score to your token based on their judging criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add your token to [Viewblock tokens listing page](https://viewblock.io/zilliqa/tokens), please refer to the README.md file on this [repository](https://github.com/Ashlar/cryptometa.git). Viewblock will assign a score to your token based on the stated token listing criteria.
```
